[Scheduled] Release Notes March/April 2023 (#2858)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/pulumi-release-notes-87/index.md

  - [Improved Interactive Scrolling Experience](#improved-interactive-scrolling-experience)
  - [Shortcut to See the Current Update in Web Browser](#shortcut-to-see-the-current-update-in-web-browser)
  - [New Flag to Specify Teams for a Newly Created Stack](#new-flag-to-specify-teams-for-a-newly-created-stack)
  - [Visual Indication of Retained Resources](#visual-indication-of-retained-resources)
  - [View More Details in Stack History](#view-more-details-in-stack-history)
- [Pulumi Automation API](#pulumi-automation-api)
  - [Manage Stack Tags](#manage-stack-tags)
  - [Full “Who Am I” command support](#full-who-am-i-command-support)
- [Cloud Providers and Packages](#cloud-providers-and-packages)
- [Pulumi Cloud & Pulumi.com](#pulumi-cloud--pulumicom)
  - [Resource Search Improvements](#resource-search-improvements)
  - [Events Dashboard card](#events-dashboard-card)
  - [Stacks Page Icons](#stacks-page-icons)
  - [Deployment Actions](#deployment-actions)
  - [SAML Admin](#saml-admin)

## Pulumi CLI

### Aligning Projects between Service and Self-Managed Backends

> While the majority of Pulumi users do choose to use the Pulumi Service, we also know that there are good reasons why some organizations would prefer to use Pulumi IaC alone without the Pulumi Service. The self-managed backends have historically stored all stacks in a single namespace across all projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the majority of Pulumi users do choose to use Pulumi Cloud, we also know that there are good reasons why some organizations would prefer to use Pulumi IaC alone without Pulumi Cloud. The self-managed backends have historically stored all stacks in a single namespace across all projects.
```

### Events Dashboard card

![Events dashboard card](events.png)

We have added a new card to the organizations dashboard which shows upcoming Pulumi events and Pulumi workshops to give users a central place to see events of interest.

### Stacks Page Icons

![Stacks page screenshot](stacks_page.png)

We have added icons on the Stacks page to enable you to see at a glance information about your Pulumi Stacks, such as if Policies are being applied, if Pulumi Deployments is configured for that stack and the resource count. In addition, there is now a quick action menu on each stack to jump to configuring Pulumi Deployments and adding it to a Policy.

### Deployment Actions

You can now view the Pulumi Deployments Click-to-Deploy menu on all stack pages, even if not configured to Pulumi Deployments. This allows users to quickly navigate to Deployments Settings to connect the stack.

![Stack page screenshot](deploy_actions.png)

### SAML Admin

> For customers on the Enterprise or Business Critical Editions of Pulumi Cloud there is a new role for a SAML admin in your organization. SAML Admins have a email and password for accessing the organization when SAML is the only permitting authentication method. We are slowly rolling this out across our customer base, if it is not yet in your organization you should expect it in the coming weeks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For customers on the Enterprise or Business Critical Editions of Pulumi Cloud there is a new role for a SAML admin in your organization. SAML Admins can add another identity to authenticate when SAML is the only permitting authentication method.  This could be an email and password or another authentication method, like GitHub. We are slowly rolling this out across our customer base, if it is not yet in your organization you should expect it in the coming weeks.
```
